hi guys what is up at his appt smart 101
here and it's that time of year again
where NBA 2k13 is released so without
further ado we'll get shown in the app
review but before we started I just want
to let you guys know to please follow me
on Twitter as well as be sure to check
out my website the app expert calm and
be sure to click that yellow button at
the top of this video that says
subscribe that will keep me notified of
when I upload new videos here on YouTube
all you have is in a comment here on
YouTube it's free to create an account
it doesn't spam you just notifies you
want to upload a new video such as this
video here alright guys without further
ado ok Sean in the average alright so
here we are in the main menu subi of a
few different options we have quick game
here greatest games game modes and
options game modes we basically have
three different types of games we have
multiplayer and multi season and
practice multiplayer is very intriguing
to me I like that you can play over game
center and Bluetooth that's a good
feature I think personally I like
playing with opponents rather than a
computer will just do quick game though
ok so basically you have all the teams
in the NBA here obviously you see a way
home defense it heads or overall often
and defense there it gives the rankings
my personal favorite team of all time
would have to be the Thunder I really
like the Thunder I really like Kevin
Durant he's one of my favorite players
in the NBA I like the Lakers to and Kobe
Bryant I like what he's done for that
squad let me know in the comments what
your favorite teams are down below
alright so um you pick a team here to
the Lakers
okay you have two different types of
controls here classics the easiest to
use I think personally there's also one
finger I won't explain in detail how
those go just basically one fingers
where you use your one finger to control
everything past you dribble everything
and then then the classic there's
buttons so you have a cool scoreboard up
here you see oklahoma city and lakers
five minute period i have it on right
now you can change that in the settings
we'll just tap and play here's the
starting lineup alright so basically the
controls here let me just pause this so
basically the controls are let me go
back so you can see here's the analog
stick this is how you move your guy
around to change guys you just want to
tap this little tap this little circle
here that goes on around that kind of
looks like a recycling bin sign and then
to pass you just pass the past button
here and then to run faster you just
hold hold down on this tally you press
all you so that's basically how it works
and then you shoot by pressing this
button right here shootings basically a
gamble in the game you just see I just
made that shot so shootings basically
luck of the draw in this game unless
you're playing one finger you have a
little more control over it I'd say but
definitely it's definitely kind of
pretty hard to shoot in this game
the analog sticks pretty responsive most
of the time sometimes it does get a
little glitched up and sometimes the
game does a ghost glitch up on you and
then this is a fuse I guess you could
say things that are happening so you see
I just miss that shot I'll just show you
a couple more minutes of gameplay so
there we go i just made another 10 all
the picture in this game though is great
I highly Rhea I really like the graphics
so you can see I just fouled in there
hope will go to the line and shoot
I personally do not do not personally
think this game is as great as it is on
the consoles on the consoles it is a lot
better and easier to use although that
can be I guess that could be obvious
since this is so small the screen I
wouldn't say the ipad small but I mean
compared to the xbox or ps3 our system
such as that those are going to be a lot
more in detail but if you were playing
this game on an ipod touch or iphone i
definitely would not recommend it it
would be very hard to play considering
the small screen size if you're going to
get the game i recommend getting it on
pipe add it's not a it's not any more
than it would be on an ipod touch your
iphone the cool part about that is it's
compatible over to both devices the same
so there's no HD version on the iPad
quite yet there might be in the future
I'm not quite sure alright so this is
basically the game here I won't make you
watch this whole thing there's four
quarters of basketball overall I give
NBA 2k13 two and a half stars out of
five I definitely don't recommend it
it's not that great of a game for being
seven dollars if you're going to buy it
I would recommend just saving up unless
you have a console and purchasing those
versions there are a lot better than
this game this game tends to glitch up a
lot if they fix the glitching up I would
give this game 4 stars out of 5 although
it does get repetitive repetitive after
a while sorry about that I definitely
don't recommend it though unless they
fix the glitches in the game in the
controls all right guys please follow me
on Twitter for updates as well as Shing
website the app expert comic for the
full and death a preview of NBA 2k13 and
make sure to subscribe to me here on
YouTube for more videos click that
yellow button above this video that says
subscribe to do so and then after you do
that you'll be notified of when I upload
new videos all right guys I'll see you
in my next app review